Fix T928795 - dxChart - incomplete information about shared tooltip (#2979)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/BaseChart/1 Configuration/tooltip/shared.md

Specifies whether the tooltip is shared across all series points with the same argument.

---
This property can have one of the following values:

<table class="dx-table">
    <tr>
        <th>tooltip.shared</th>
        <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>false</b></td>

>         <td>The tooltip displays information only about a series point being hovered over with the mouse pointer.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>The tooltip only displays information about a series point that is hovered over with the mouse pointer.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>true</b></td>

>         <td>The tooltip displays information about all series points with the same argument as the point being hovered over. If this point is included in a <a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/series/#stack">stack</a>, the tooltip displays information only about points in this stack and points that do not belong to any stack (if there are any).</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>The tooltip displays information about all series points with the same argument as the point that is hovered over. If this point is included in a <a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/series/#stack">stack</a>, the tooltip displays information only about points in this stack and points that do not belong to any stack (if there are any).</td>
```
